I met segawa nursery in woodland
Washington with brian and brian i love
this raised bed and what i love about it
too is that it's a kit and it's really
taken all of the hard work out of making
a raised bed it really has i think all
you need is like just a simple little
cordless drill and a hammer and probably
just the within an hour i think you
could have it have it done so it makes
it really easy what are the benefits
though of making a raised bed I mean
there's all kinds of material to make
the frame and everything and this one is
a kit so it's even easier but why would
we want to even put up a raised bed I
think a lot of the callers will asks you
know can we use this you know and of
course Rio Tizer they used to be very
readily available yeah but I don't know
what's been going on with that but the
materials that boys we just get a lot of
calls on can we use this can we then
we'd never take guesses so this was it's
like the first one that is it's made out
of you know recycled how it would so we
know it's safe and they have actually
done a process to clean it and they do a
seaman teen and so it's actually a very
safe product to use and it's a locally
made company to Philomath Oregon is so
that's pretty close and it actually
comes available in two sizes so you
looking at the large one in this comes
in half right that so-and-so a raised
bed I mean they've been around forever
and this makes a little more fancy but
the vegetables look really happy and you
planted it this just three weeks ago and
these are huge yeah it doesn't take on I
think that would be the other benefit is
you know we're raising this up so your
soul temperature is getting in all this
you know I think that's another benefit
is this product here is actually you can
use for housing them the idea came from
that so this actually creates a lot more
heat so your soul temperature is going
to be a lot warmer than it would damn it
so you know below the ground there well
that pushes the vegetables to grow
faster yeah so you can see um you know
the tomatoes are blooming and you can
see all that benefits like that so and I
think to be growing carrots or onions
radishes I think in a raised bed you're
really gonna get a better a fruit or
vegetable because there
gonna be going through heavy soil or
anything that's right all your soil
crops would be doing really well and
just so the brisk and you can see would
have much more you know with a better so
they can grow a lot better like that so
right and then the walls of water around
the tomato that helps also right this
was a this has been around for a long
time these are actually just little
walls your cells filled with water and
that we've been using for a long time
and I think that's probably some reason
why the tomatoes are blooming now but
they do work so we do like that product
there well if you have any other
questions about raised beds or this
product go to garden time TV well click
you over to segalas website you can come
out here and talk to brian and the staff
and really learn all about raised bed
gardening well thanks so much thanks
Judy
you